Bring your awareness
to root Energy Center
beginning at the base of your spine
through your legs and feet.
I am rooted in the Earth.
I am solid and secure within
myself
I am filled with stillness,
courage and Primal Trust.
I have.
Follow the sound
To your pelvic and Reproductive Center.
I open to the flow of my passions and desires.
creativity streams through my body mind and
soul
I feel.
Move your attention to your solar plexus.
I am full of radiant light and energy.
I am infused with inner peace,
vitality and joy.
My will is focused and pure.
I can.
Journey To Your Heart Center.
I open my heart
with compassion understanding and warmth
I Embrace Life With Love
and honesty.
I have the courage to follow my heart.
I love.
Follow the tone to
your throat Center
I express my thoughts and feelings freely.
I speak the truth with
confidence and integrity
I speak.
Allow the sound to carry you to the center of your forehead.
Your third eye.
My inner sight illuminates the truth.
following my intuition
I move towards my vision
with Clarity and purpose
I see.
Focus now on the crown of your head
Wisdom is within me.
I flow with the River of Life consciously living my destiny.
I am integrated body.
I know.